Anyone? Do you have a seat?
The sage turned out to be him
But I know who I am
He didn't know I was Qianlong
Xiao Yun, how have you been these three years?
Storage Wind We have been together for eight years
You let me say what you are good at
Xiaoyan, in fact, I have been in prison since you
I send people around
I just want to make your life easier inside
I didn't expect you to fall for it
Hanging out with that scumbag from Gucheng
His male god has done so many unscrupulous things
Don't you know?
You listen to me explain, actually I
I am Brother Gu's eyeliner
Xiaoyun, give me another year.
I will definitely give you a satisfactory explanation.
Chu Cangfeng, how long do you want me to wait for you?
I'll give you one last chance.
Now come home with me and get a real job
We travel engagement
I can ignore you for the past three years
But
Hey, crazy brother told you to come back quickly
Brothers here
All you need is you.
All right. I'll be right there.
From Now On
Don't let me see you again
There will be a period later.
Jade Pearl Hotel Target Xiao Tianao
Cooperate with Qianlong